---
layout: page
title: Scoutahead Privacy Policy
permalink: privacy.html
order: -1
---


<div class="grid"><div class="col-1 tablet-2-3 flex-center"><p><strong>Effective Date:</strong> January 23, 2017.</p><p>Scoutahead for Enterprise allows users to communicate, share information, and increase productivity at work. This privacy policy (the &ldquo;Privacy Policy&rdquo;) describes how Scoutahead.com LLC, our affiliates and subsidiaries (&ldquo;Scoutahead,&rdquo; &ldquo;we,&rdquo; &ldquo;us,&rdquo; or &ldquo;our&rdquo;) collect, use, disclose, and handle your information when you use our Scoutahead for Enterprise platform, including our website, software, and related services that link to or post this Privacy Policy ("Services&rdquo; or "Site&rdquo;).</p><p>The Services are intended for use by and benefit of organizations. If you are using the Services in a workplace or with an account issued to you by your employer or another organization ("Organization") that Organization likely has its own data policies that govern storage, access, modification, retention, and deletion of the information you provide through the Services.</p><p><strong></strong><strong>Your Organization can access and process information you submit or provide through the Services. Your Organization also has the right to control and administer your Scoutahead Enterprise User Account. Any questions regarding your Organization's rights with respect to your account should be directed to your Organization.</strong></p><p><strong></strong></p><p>Your Scoutahead for Enterprise user account ("Your Account&rdquo; or "Your Scoutahead Enterprise User Account&rdquo;) may be provisioned to you by your organization ("Organization&rdquo;) or directly by Scoutahead.</p><p>This Privacy Policy applies only to our Services, and covers only information collected from you in connection with your access and use of our Services. Please read this Privacy Policy carefully.</p><p><strong>What Kind of Information Does Scoutahead Collect?</strong></p><p>Scoutahead collects the following types of information when you, your colleagues, other users, and your Organization register for, use, and access the Services. The information collected may include:</p><ul><li><em>Information provided directly.</em> In order to provide the Services, we collect information about you directly from you, your colleagues, or your Organization including:<ul><li><em>Account Information</em>. Account information includes contact information, such as your name and email address, username, work title, department, manager, and other information related to your work and/or your Organization, physical address, phone number, gender, photos, and occupational or education information provided to complete your profile. Note: your password in clear text is not collected by Scoutahead, but is instead is hashed and encrypted before transmission.</li><li><em>Content</em>. All content that you create, including, but not limited to, any messages you send, posts you create, audio/video content you send to others, and files you share, or which are provided on your behalf. Information about the content (metadata) is also collected, such as time that particular content was created, and from which session that content was created.</li><li><em>Connections</em>. We also collect information about the people and groups (such as employee groups within your Organization) you are connected to, such as teams you&rsquo;ve joined or created.</li><li><em>Survey Responses</em>. You and others in your Organization may conduct surveys as part of the Services. We collect responses, including your responses to provide the anonymized, aggregated survey results (from all respondents) to the survey creator.</li></ul></li><li><em>Automatically Collected Information:</em><ul><li><em>Usage</em>. We may collect information about the devices you use to interact with our Services. This includes things such as your web browser type and version, IP address, mobile device identifier, information you access, the date and time of usage, language, and browsing information. We may also automatically collect information about how you use our site. This helps us improve the Services and can help enhance the security of your account.</li><li><em>Cookies</em>. Scoutahead may place pieces of code, commonly referred to as "cookies,&rdquo; pixel tags, or similar technology on your devices. These are used to, among other things: manage sessions so that you don&rsquo;t have to login each time you visit the Services; collect information about how and when you use the Services; and collect information about the devices you use to access the Services. We may begin collecting information as soon as you visit our site. By using our site, you permit us to collect and use your information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Many Internet browsers and mobile devices allow you to block the transmission of certain information or to block the installation of cookies. You may choose to enable these options. However, enabling these options may prevent you from using many of the core features and functions available on our site.</li><li><em>Third-Party Cookies and Analytics</em>. Scoutahead may use third party cookies to collect analytics about how you use the public-facing Scoutahead website (pages and content accessible when not logged into a user account). Scoutahead uses third parties like Google Analytics for public-facing website analytics. You may opt-out of Google Analytics on its website. Please visit <a href="https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/">Google's Opt-Out Page</a>&nbsp;for additional information.</li></ul></li></ul><p><strong>How Does Scoutahead Use My Information?</strong></p><p><em>For you and your Organization</em>. Scoutahead may use the information we collected from or about you for purposes related to providing and improving your experience with the Services. These purposes include: communicating with other users of the Services (e.g., with others within your Organization); enhancing the security of the Services for you, your Organization, and other users within your Organization; and to personalize your and your Organization&rsquo;s experiences with the Services. As set forth above, when Scoutahead&rsquo;s customer is your Organization (and in most cases it is), your Organization may control or access your account, data, and/or content. Your Organization may do so by naming one or more individual users who are designated to oversee use of the Services (&ldquo;Administrator(s)&rdquo;), who shall by designation have the same rights to your account, data, and content as the Organization.</p><p><em>For us</em>. Scoutahead may access and use the information collected, including the content of messages and communications, to provide the Services or to comply with applicable law. &nbsp;We may use your information to: serve the functions of the Services; manage our everyday business needs, such as administration and improvement of the Services; and to prevent fraud, to enforce our Terms of Use, to comply with all applicable laws and Scoutahead&rsquo;s corporate reporting obligations and to enforce our policies and agreements. We may conduct data and system analytics, including research to improve the Services. In the course of such research, however, <strong>we shall not examine the contents of messages sent from you to anyone in your Organization using our messaging features</strong>. We use this and other research to develop new tools, products, and services for you and your Organization; and to improve the functioning of our Services.</p><p><strong>Under what circumstances will Scoutahead disclose information?</strong></p><p>In accordance with our agreement with your Organization, you authorize us to disclose information that we collect as follows:</p><ul class="list-blank"><li><em>With Your Organization and Related Third Parties.</em> We may disclose information to your Organization, network administrators, and other users authorized by your Organization to access the requested information; to third-party apps, websites, or other services that you or your Organization connect to the Services.</li><li><em>With Others Working for Scoutahead</em>. We may need to give &ldquo;need-to-know&rdquo; access to your information to service providers contracted by Scoutahead who perform technical services and functions that are in the United States or in other countries where such service providers assist in providing the Services (e.g., a web hosting service provider). We may also need to provide a third party provider access to some of your information to support auditing, compliance, and corporate governance functions. These third parties have no independent rights in your information and cannot use it for anything except on behalf of Scoutahead.</li><li><em>With Scoutahead entities</em>. We may disclose information to companies under common control as Scoutahead, including, but not limited to, affiliates and subsidiaries. We may also disclose information in connection with a substantial corporate transaction, such as the sale of our Services, a merger, consolidation, asset sale, or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy or insolvency.</li><li><em>Inclusion in Aggregate Statistics.</em> Scoutahead may perform statistical research about usage of its services to better improve and provide the Services (e.g., to determine how many messages are sent in total per day on its system, or by device type).</li><li><em>Law and Order.</em> If we receive a subpoena, warrant, discovery, or other request or order from a law enforcement agency, court, governmental entity, or litigant seeking data from your Enterprise User Account, we will provide the requesting party your Organization&rsquo;s contact information and direct them to make their request directly from your Organization. If we are legally compelled to produce information and unless legally prohibited, we will use reasonable efforts to notify your Organization so that they can notify you pursuant to your Organization&rsquo;s policies and as permitted by law. We will direct requests under data protection laws to your Organization, unless prohibited by law.</li><li><em>Security.</em> Scoutahead may share your information with third parties, including law enforcement authorities, where we determine that doing so is appropriate to:<ul><li>Enforce our Acceptable Use Policy or Terms of Service;</li><li>Protect our property, services and legal rights;</li><li>Prevent physical harm to the persons or property of others;</li><li>Prevent fraud against us and others.</li></ul></li><li><em>As directed by your Organization.</em> If asked to do so by your Organization, we will disclose information on its behalf.</li></ul><p><strong>How does Scoutahead protect my information?</strong></p><p>Scoutahead has implemented an information security program that contains administrative, technical and physical controls that are designed to reasonably safeguard information that can individually identify you.</p><p><strong>If I respond to a survey on Scoutahead for Enterprise, what information do you share about my response?</strong></p><p>Your responses are not shared directly with anyone on Scoutahead, including the survey&rsquo;s creator. Instead, we aggregate all survey responses. Your responses, however, are the property of your Organization and in certain circumstances (e.g., for legal compliance), your Organization could access your responses.</p><p><strong>Are my chats or messages shared with my employer?</strong></p><p>The messaging, chat, file sharing, or other collaborative features in Scoutahead for Enterprise are similar for privacy purposes to workplace email. Your Organization&rsquo;s policies govern access to this data.</p><p><strong>How do account closures work?</strong></p><p>We maintain your Enterprise User Account on behalf of your Organization. If you would like to stop using your Enterprise User Account, contact your Organization. In addition, your Organization may close your Enterprise User Account for any reason, including when you are no longer employed by the Organization or if your Organization terminates its relationship with Scoutahead.</p><p>If your account is closed, it may be deleted from Scoutahead, or as otherwise directed by your Organization or subject to applicable law. Content you create and share on your Enterprise User Account is owned by your Organization and may remain on Scoutahead for Enterprise even if your Organization suspends or closes your Account. Content you create on Scoutahead is similar to other business records (e.g., memos you create, emails you send) and is governed by your Organization&rsquo;s data retention policies and procedures.</p><p>If you wish to delete your personal information stored with Scoutahead, you must contact your Organization. We will respond to requests made by your Organization when submitted by an authorized representative and subject to applicable law.</p><p><strong>What is my relationship with Scoutahead for purposes of this Enterprise Privacy Policy?</strong></p><p>Scoutahead&rsquo;s customers are Organizations, and not end users.</p><p>Your Organization is responsible for obtaining your consent to data processing carried out by Scoutahead and you should refer to your Organization&rsquo;s internal policies for details on how your Organization manages and controls data associated with Your Account.</p><p>Your Organization controls the information you submit or provide through the Services and owns all of that information along with any other information about you that is submitted or provided by or through your Organization via Scoutahead for Enterprise.</p><p><strong>Does Scoutahead Track My Activity On Other Sites?</strong></p><p>Scoutahead does not collect personal information about your online activities over time across third-party websites or online services. Therefore, "do not track&rdquo; signals transmitted from web browsers do not apply to our site, and we do not alter any of our data collection and use practices upon receipt of such a signal. In limited circumstances, where Scoutahead provides its Services directly in conjunction with a third-party service and where we need to track your activity with respect to such a service (e.g., if your Organization wants to integrate Scoutahead with a third-party service), we will do so only to enable Scoutahead&rsquo;s Services.</p><p><strong>Third-Party</strong></p><p>Some of the Services may contain links to third-party content (e.g., if a user in your organization posts a hyperlink in a chat conversation) that is neither maintained nor controlled by Scoutahead. We are not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of such third-parties, and we recommend that you consult their privacy policies for more information.</p><p><strong>Business Transfers and Corporate Changes</strong></p><p>If we are involved in a substantial corporate transaction, such as merger, consolidation, restructuring, or sale of our assets, sale of our Services, or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy or insolvency, your information may be transferred as part of that transaction.</p><p><strong>How does Scoutahead protect the privacy of children?</strong></p><p>Scoutahead is a general audience site not directed at children under the age of 13. If we obtain actual knowledge that any information we collect has been provided by a child under the age of 13, we will promptly delete that information. If you believe Scoutahead has personal information about anyone under the age of 13, please contact us at <a href="mailto:legal@scoutahead.com">legal@scoutahead.com</a>.</p><p><strong>How Can I Contact Scoutahead?</strong></p><p>For Enterprise User Accounts, please contact us via your Organization&rsquo;s account manager. If you have questions about this Privacy Policy or our information collection practices, you can contact us at privacy@scoutahead.com.</p><p><strong>Changes to this Privacy Policy</strong></p><p>We ask that you read this Privacy Policy from time to time. Scoutahead may modify this Privacy Policy at any time. We will revise the "effective date&rdquo; above and post the new Privacy Policy. If we make material changes to this Privacy Policy that increase our rights to use personal information we have previously collected about you, we will notify your Organization.</p></div></div>