---
layout: simple
title: Terms and Conditions
permalink: terms.html
order: -1
---


<div class="flex"><div class="flex-center"><p>SCOUTAHEAD</p><p>TERMS OF SERVICE</p><p>May 19, 2016</p><p>INTRODUCTION</p><p>Welcome to Scoutahead! Scoutahead is created by Scoutahead.com, LLC and its affiliates and subsidiaries (individually and collectively, &ldquo;Scoutahead,&rdquo; &ldquo;we,&rdquo; or &ldquo;us&rdquo;). You agree that by clicking &ldquo;Sign Up&rdquo; or similar, registering, accessing or using our services, including our related mobile apps, or any content or information provided as part of these services (collectively, &ldquo;Services&rdquo;), you are entering into a legally binding agreement with Scoutahead.com, LLC, its affiliates and subsidiaries.&nbsp;</p><p>Please read this agreement carefully, as it describes your rights and obligations as well as ours. It also describes how we both agree to resolve disputes through mandatory arbitration.</p><p><strong>A. YOUR AGREEMENT WITH SCOUTAHEAD</strong></p><p><strong>1. Scope of Agreement.&nbsp;</strong></p><p>These Terms of Service apply to all accounts on our services (&ldquo;User Accounts&rdquo;). User Accounts encompass those for natural persons (i.e., actual people) (&ldquo;Personal Accounts&rdquo;) and legal persons (such as a business, university, non-profit, or other legal entity) (&ldquo;Corporate Accounts&rdquo;). The entire agreement between Scoutahead and you concerning your use of an account and the Services is made up of these Terms of Service and our <a href="/privacy.html">Privacy Policy</a> (collectively, the &ldquo;Agreement&rdquo;). If you sign up for an enterprise account (&ldquo;Company Account&rdquo;), additional terms may apply that supplement this Agreement.</p><p><strong>B. YOUR ACCOUNT</strong></p><p><strong>2. Creation of Your Account.</strong></p><p>a) You must be 18 years old to create an account.&nbsp;</p><p>b) Certain information is required by Scoutahead in order for you to establish an account. Other information is optional, and you are not required to provide it. Scoutahead may use the information you provide in creating an account as set forth in its Privacy Policy and other provisions of this Agreement.</p><p>c) Your account is not transferable or sub-licensable to third parties.</p><p>d) You agree that we may provide notices to you in any of the following ways: (1) a notice on our Services, or (2) an email sent to an address you provided, or (3) through other contact means (such as mail, phone, SMS message) using the contact information you&rsquo;ve provided. You agree to keep your contact information up to date.</p><p>e) You agree to choose a strong and secure password and keep your password secure and confidential. You are responsible for anything that happens through your account unless you close it or promptly report suspected or confirmed unauthorized activity on your account.&nbsp;</p><p>f) As detailed in our Privacy Policy, in certain instances, you may be able to connect and/or link your account with certain third party social network services, including, without limitation, Facebook, Twitter, and Google. By linking your social network and email accounts with your Scoutahead account, you consent to Scoutahead&rsquo;s information collection from and use of your linked social network services to the full extent allowed by such services. Different social network services offer different features for the scope of what may be linked to your Scoutahead User Account. We encourage you to consult their respective policies and settings.&nbsp;</p><p><strong>C. USE OF THE SERVICE IN GENERAL</strong></p><p><strong>3. Content.&nbsp;</strong></p><p>You are solely responsible for all of the information, photos, links, and other media (collectively, &ldquo;Content&rdquo;) you (or any other user of your account) enter into or upload to the Service or otherwise transmit to Scoutahead in connection with the Service (&ldquo;Your Content&rdquo;). Your Content must comply with the following requirements:</p><p>a) Your Content must NOT contain material or depict or promote activity that is copyrighted or inappropriate, profane, vulgar, offensive, false, disparaging, defamatory, obscene, illegal, sexually explicit, racist, that promotes violence, racial hatred, or terrorism, or that we deem, in our sole discretion, to be otherwise objectionable.&nbsp;</p><p>b) Scoutahead prohibits any bullying. Your Content must NOT contain material or depict or promote activity that is harassing.&nbsp;</p><p>c) Your Content must NOT violate the privacy rights or rights of publicity of any person or impersonate or otherwise misrepresent affiliation, association, or connection with, any person or entity.</p><p>d) If Your Content includes any statements that are offered as facts, you must believe those statements to be true and have a reasonable basis for such belief.</p><p>e) You must exclusively own or have sufficient rights to all Your Content you submit (and all material incorporated in Your Content), and sufficient authority with respect to all individuals depicted or identified in Your Content, to submit Your Content and authorize the uses and grant the rights set forth herein, including the license rights described in Section 4.</p><p>f) Content must NOT include personal information about a person under the age of thirteen (13) years.</p><p>g) Content must comply with all applicable laws.</p><p>You represent and warrant that Your Content complies with the foregoing requirements.&nbsp; Scoutahead may decline to accept or may take down or delete any of Your Content.</p><p><strong>4. License to Use Your Content.&nbsp;</strong></p><p>We rely on user-contributed Content to offer our Services to you and other users. You shall retain intellectual property rights over Your Content, but you agree that we may freely use, reproduce, modify, adapt, and publish Your Content, subject to the limitations set forth in our Privacy Policy. You hereby grant to Scoutahead a non-exclusive, transferable, sub-licensable, perpetual, royalty-free, worldwide license to use any of Your Content that you provide in connection with our Services. For the avoidance of doubt, this grant encompasses all of Your Content and may include any name, likeness, voice, photograph, image and personality of any person depicted or identified in Your Content. You will not be entitled to any compensation for the use of Your Content. For details about how we limit the use of information that either you provide or about you, please consult our Privacy Policy.&nbsp;</p><p>You may want to offer suggestions to improve our Services, including suggestions for Content, functions, and features. We strive to improve our Services and appreciate such suggestions, but you acknowledge that we may use any such suggestions without any obligation to you. Your suggestions must comport with all of the requirements of Section 3 (&ldquo;Content&rdquo;) of this Policy.</p><p><strong>5. Your Rights with Respect to the Service and Content Provided by Others.</strong></p><p>a)&nbsp; Scoutahead may change the features, functionality, user interface and any other aspects of the Service from time to time in its sole discretion.</p><p>b) You are permitted to view the Service, including certain Content posted by other users, as displayed in the ordinary operation of the Service.</p><p>c) Where you provide reviews, evaluations, or otherwise post or communicate information, such communications are Your Content, and so are subject to the standards set forth in Section 3.&nbsp;</p><p>d) Unless expressly authorized in writing by Scoutahead, you are not granted permission to (and you agree not to) copy, frame, embed, or in-line link to any portion of the Service, including any Content posted by another user. However, there may be tools or features available through the Service that clearly indicate they may be used to disseminate certain Content available through the Service. You are authorized to use such tools for their ordinary purposes. &nbsp;</p><p>e) You may find some Content available through the Service to be objectionable. If you believe that Content violates the standards set forth in Section 3, you may report it to Scoutahead at <a href="javascript:void(location.href='mailto:'+String.fromCharCode(99,111,109,112,108,97,105,110,116,115,64,115,99,111,117,116,97,104,101,97,100,46,99,111,109)+'?subject=Objectionable%20Content')">complaints@scoutahead.com</a>. Scoutahead may take such action as it deems appropriate. Scoutahead does not endorse or affirm any information, message, ideas, perspectives, or any other element of any Content supplied by others. If you disagree with Scoutahead&rsquo;s decisions, your sole remedy is to refrain from using the Service.</p><p><strong>6. Scoutahead Intellectual Property. &nbsp;</strong></p><p>Scoutahead and/or its licensors retain ownership of all intellectual property rights relating to Scoutahead and the Service, including Content available through the Service and the trademarks on the Service, which are subject to copyright and other intellectual property rights under the law. Nothing in this Agreement transfers ownership of such rights. You are authorized to use Scoutahead materials only as expressly provided in this Agreement.</p><p><strong>7. Integrity of the Service.&nbsp;</strong></p><p>You agree not to take any action to harm Scoutahead, interfere with operation of the Service, access its underlying technology, copy its underlying technology, or rent, lease, resell or otherwise permit unauthorized third parties to access or use the Service. You agree not to copy Content from the Service. You agree not to use any automated system (crawlers, robots, bots, spiders, extractors, etc.) in connection with the Service; circumvent, disable or otherwise interfere with security-related features or digital rights management functions of the Service; or hack, reverse engineer, or disable any technology of the Service. In your use of the Service, including the uploading and posting of Content, you agree to comply with all applicable laws and not violate the legal rights of any person or entity.</p><p><strong>8. No Scoutahead Responsibility for Results You Obtain. &nbsp;</strong></p><p>Scoutahead provides a forum for users to learn how they are perceived by others, as well as survey others on a variety of topics. Scoutahead makes no promises as to the commercial or noncommercial opportunities or results available to you through use of the Service. You are solely responsible for any communications between you and any other user of the Service, and any business or other relationships you choose to discuss or enter into with any other user of the Service. Subject to Section 15, you release Scoutahead from (and agree not to sue Scoutahead for) any claims you may have arising out of your relationships with other users of the Service.</p><p><strong>9. Third Parties.</strong></p><p>The Service may contain links to third party websites, applications or other online services that are not owned or controlled by Scoutahead.&nbsp; We do not control the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party websites. Please review the terms of service, including privacy policies, of such third parties.</p><p><strong>D. NO WARRANTY; LIMITATION OF LIABILITY; INDEMNIFICATION.</strong></p><p><strong>10. NO WARRANTY.</strong></p><p>a) THE SERVICE IS PROVIDED "AS IS," WITH NO WARRANTIES WHATSOEVER, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.</p><p>b) WITHOUT LIMITATION, SCOUTAHEAD DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE SERVICE WILL OPERATE WITHOUT ERROR OR INTERRUPTION, OR THAT THE INFORMATION PROVIDED WILL BE COMPLETE OR ACCURATE. SCOUTAHEAD DOES NOT WARRANT THE CONDUCT OF ANY USERS OR OTHER THIRD PARTIES.</p><p><strong>11. Limitation of Liability for Damages.</strong></p><p>a) TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL SCOUTAHEAD BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES WHATSOEVER, OR LOST PROFITS, COST OF COVER, LOSS OF DATA, INTERRUPTION OF BUSINESS, RESULTING FROM THIS AGREEMENT, THE SERVICE, OPERATION OF THE SERVICE, ACTIONS REGARDING YOUR CONTENT, OR ACTIONS REGARDING THIRD PARTIES, REGARDLESS OF THE THEORY OF LIABILITY, INCLUDING EXPRESS CONTRACT, IMPLIED CONTRACT, TORT, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY, WARRANTY, OR MISREPRESENTATION, AND WHETHER OR NOT SCOUTAHEAD IS ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, SCOUTAHEAD&rsquo;S TOTAL LIABILITY TO YOU WILL BE LIMITED TO THE AMOUNTS YOU HAVE PAID SCOUTAHEAD FOR ACCESS TO THE SERVICE.</p><p>b) BECAUSE SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF CERTAIN TYPES OF DAMAGES, THE LIABILITY OF SCOUTAHEAD SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW.</p><p><strong>12. Indemnification; Cooperation.</strong></p><p>a) You acknowledge that your account with Scoutahead and your use of the Service is based upon the truth of the promises, statements, and representations made by you in this Agreement, including the terms of Sections 3 and 6 above. You agree to indemnify, hold harmless, and defend Scoutahead against all damages, losses, judgments, penalties, expenses, costs, and fees (including reasonable attorneys' fees) incurred by, or awarded or assessed against Scoutahead, its affiliates, and their respective officers, directors, employees, contractors, agents, licensees, successors and assigns, in connection with any third party (including domestic or foreign governments or agencies) assertion inconsistent with the promises, statements, representations, and warranties.</p><p>b) In addition to the obligation of indemnification, above, you agree to use your best efforts to assist Scoutahead in the investigation and resolution of any third party claim or assertion in consistent with your representations and warranties. You agree to provide such assistance promptly upon receipt of notice from Scoutahead of such claim or assertion and at no charge.</p><p>c) You agree to indemnify and hold Scoutahead, and its affiliates, and their respective officers, directors, employees, contractors, agents, licensees, successors and assigns, harmless from any claim or demand, including reasonable attorneys&rsquo; fees, made by any third party due to or arising out of content, data, or information you submit, contribute, post to or transmit to or through the Services and your use of or connection to same, your violation of the Terms of Use, or your violation of any rights of another person or entity.</p><p><strong>13. Ceasing Use of Services and Accounts.</strong></p><p>a) In the exercise of your discretion you may cease using the Services or cease contributing Content. You may take such actions with or without prior notice to Scoutahead and without any liability to Scoutahead.&nbsp;</p><p>b) If you wish to terminate your account, please write to Scoutahead at 27 N. Wacker Dr., #464, Chicago, IL 60606. Please note that if you terminate your account, we may still retain the Content you contributed (e.g., reviews of other users) as necessary for our Services. We may also retain information about your account when performing backups of our Services.&nbsp;</p><p>c) In the exercise of its discretion, Scoutahead may suspend or terminate provision of the Service and/or an account, remove or limit access to Content, or limit functionality of the Service to which an account holder or other user has access. Scoutahead may remove any contribution from an account holder or other user, including Content, user profile, and/or account information. Scoutahead may take such actions with or without prior notice to an account holder or other user. Scoutahead may take such actions without any liability to an account holder or other user.&nbsp;</p><p>c) All terms of the Agreement shall survive termination of an account.</p><p><strong>E. Third Party Copyright / Digital Millennium Copyright Act</strong></p><p><strong>14. Third-Party Copyright</strong></p><p>Scoutahead respects the intellectual property rights of others and wishes to offer Services that contain no content that violates those rights. Our Terms of Service require that information submitted, uploaded, or otherwise transmitted to Scoutahead in connection with the Services be lawful, accurate, and not in violation of any third party rights. In addition, Scoutahead provides a process for submitting complaints concerning content provided by our users.</p><p>Scoutahead utilizes public domain content, including from the Bureau of Labor Statistics.</p><p><strong>15. DMCA</strong></p><p>Pursuant to the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (17 U.S.C. &sect; 512), Scoutahead has implemented procedures for receiving written notification of claimed copyright infringement. Scoutahead has a designated agent to receive notices of claimed copyright infringement. If you believe in good faith that your copyright has been infringed, you may submit a written notice (&ldquo;DMCA Notice&rdquo;) that contains&nbsp;</p><p>a) Your signature;</p><p>b) A description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed;&nbsp;</p><p>c) Information sufficient to permit us to locate the material on our site. For example, a URL to a web address containing the allegedly infringing content.</p><p>d) Your email address, mailing address, and telephone number. Please note that we may provide your contact information and the contents of your report to the person who transmitted the content you are reporting. You may wish to use business contact information for contact by our users.&nbsp;</p><p>e) A statement by you that:</p><p>1. you have a good faith belief that the claimed infringing use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or by operation of law; and</p><p>2. the information in your DMCA Notice is accurate; and</p><p>3. you declare, under penalty of perjury, that you are the copyright owner or authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner.</p><p>Please submit the notice to our Copyright Agent at:</p><p>Scoutahead<br />ATTN: Copyright Agent<br />27 N. Wacker Dr., #464<br />Chicago, IL 60606, USA</p><p><a href="javascript:void(location.href='mailto:'+String.fromCharCode(99,111,112,121,114,105,103,104,116,64,115,99,111,117,116,97,104,101,97,100,46,99,111,109)+'?subject=DMCA%20Notice')">copyright@scoutahead.com</a>&nbsp;</p><p>For any content that is removed under the notice and counter-notice procedures of the United States Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA), we will include information to the person that provided the content that is removed about how to submit a counter-notification under the DMCA.</p><p><strong>F. ADDITIONAL LEGAL TERMS.</strong></p><p><strong>16. Choice of Law.</strong></p><p>The Service is Located in and delivered from Chicago, Illinois. This Agreement is deemed entered into and performed in Chicago, Illinois. You agree that the Service is based in, and the Service is provided from, Chicago, Illinois. The Service shall be deemed a passive website that does not give rise to personal jurisdiction over Scoutahead, either specific or general, in jurisdictions other than Cook County, Illinois. This Agreement shall be governed by the internal substantive laws of the State of Illinois without respect to its conflict of laws principles.&nbsp;</p><p><strong>17. Place to Resolve Disputes.&nbsp;</strong></p><p>If you live in (or, if a business, your principal place of business is in) the United States, the laws of the state where you live govern all claims, regardless of conflict of law principles, except that the Federal Arbitration Act governs all provisions relating to arbitration. You and we irrevocably consent to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the state or federal courts in Cook County, Illinois, for all disputes arising out of or relating to these Terms or the Services that are heard in court (excluding arbitration and small claims court).</p><p><strong>18. Disputes, Arbitration, and Class Action Waiver&nbsp;</strong></p><p>Informal Resolution. We want to address your concerns without needing a formal legal dispute. Before you file a claim against Scoutahead, you agree to try and resolve it informally by contacting disputes@scoutahead.com. We&rsquo;ll try to work things out. If we cannot resolve the dispute within 30 days of your email to us, then either you or Scoutahead may bring a formal proceeding.&nbsp;</p><p>Judicial Forums. You and Scoutahead agree that any judicial proceeding relating to this Agreement or the Services will be brought in the federal or state courts of Cook County, Illinois.&nbsp;</p><p>You Must File Within One Year. Any action to resolve a dispute arising out of or related to this Agreement must be commenced within one (1) years after the date of the event giving rise to the claim. Otherwise, such causes of actions are permanently barred.</p><p>IF YOU ARE A UNITED STATES RESIDENT, YOU AGREE TO THE FOLLOWING MANDATORY ARBITRATION PROVISIONS:</p><p>We both agree to arbitrate. You and Scoutahead agree to resolve any claims relating to this Agreement through final and binding arbitration, except:</p><p>a. Both Scoutahead and You may file claims that qualify in small claims court, either in Chicago, Illinois or in any United States County where you live or work.</p><p>b. Both Scoutahead and You may file claims for intellectual property infringement (such as trademark, copyright, patent, or trade secret) without engaging in the informal resolution or arbitration processes described above.</p><p>c. Both Scoutahead and You may file solely for injunctive relief to stop unauthorized or abuse of the Services.</p><p>Arbitration Procedures: Any controversy or claim arising out of or relating to the Services or this Agreement, or the breach thereof, shall be settled by arbitration administered by the American Arbitration Association (&ldquo;AAA&rdquo;) in accordance with its Commercial Arbitration Rules (or if you are an individual, and for all disputes valued at less than $75,000, under AAA&rsquo;s Consumer Arbitration Rules) and judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator(s) may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof.</p><p>Arbitration Fees: The American Arbitration Association&rsquo;s rules govern the payment of all arbitration fees. Scoutahead will pay all AAA arbitration fees for claims less than $25,000. If you receive an arbitration award that is more favorable than any offer we make to resolve the claim, we will pay you $1,000 more than the award. Scoutahead will not seek attorneys&rsquo; fees and costs from you in arbitration unless the arbitrator determines that your claim is frivolous.&nbsp;</p><p>NO CLASS ACTIONS. You agree not to resolve disputes with Scoutahead on an individual basis, and not as part of a class-action, private attorney-general action, or any other proceeding where another person acts in a representative capacity. Class arbitrations, class actions, private attorney general actions, and consolidation with other arbitrations aren't allowed.</p><p>If The Arbitration Clause is Inapplicable or Unenforceable: If the agreement to arbitrate is found not inapplicable or unenforceable with respect to you or your claim, you agree to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts in Cook County, Illinois.</p><p><strong>19. No Implied Waiver.&nbsp;</strong></p><p>No waiver by Scoutahead shall be implied. Any waiver of any term of this Agreement must be in writing and signed by an officer of Scoutahead.</p><p><strong>20. Severability.</strong></p><p>If any portion of this Agreement is found to be unenforceable, such portion will be modified to reflect the parties' intention and only to the extent necessary to make it enforceable. The remaining provisions of this Agreement will remain in full force and effect.</p><p><strong>21. International Considerations. &nbsp;</strong></p><p>Scoutahead makes no representations that the Service is appropriate or available for use in locations other than the United States. Those who access or use the Service from outside the U.S. do so at their own volition and are responsible for compliance with applicable laws.</p><p><strong>22. Assignment. &nbsp;</strong></p><p>Scoutahead may assign, subcontract, delegate, and transfer its rights and obligations under this Agreement to a third party. You may not assign or transfer your account.</p><p><strong>23. Force majeure. &nbsp;</strong></p><p>Scoutahead will not be liable for any failure or delay in its performance due to any cause beyond its reasonable control, including act of war, acts of God, acts of third party service providers, earthquake, flood, embargo, riot, sabotage, labor shortage or dispute, governmental act, power failure or failure of the Internet or computer equipment.</p><p><strong>24. Notices.</strong></p><p>a) The Services are offered by Scoutahead, 27 N. Wacker Drive, #464, Chicago, IL 60606 and email: notices@scoutahead.com. If you are a California resident, you may have this Agreement emailed to you by sending a letter to the foregoing address with your email address and a request for this information and Agreement.</p><p>b)&nbsp; Scoutahead may provide you with notices by email, first class mail, or postings to the Service. Notice is deemed given upon the earlier of (i) actual receipt, (ii) twenty-four (24) hours after an email is sent, (iii) three (3) days after first class mail is deposited with the U.S. Postal Service, or (iv) thirty (30) days after a notice is posted to the Service.</p><p><strong>25. Entire Agreement.&nbsp;</strong></p><p>This Agreement (including the documents referenced in Section 1, above) is the entire agreement between you and Scoutahead relating to the stated subject matter. It can be modified by the parties in a writing signed by both parties, or by a change to these terms as expressly set forth in this Agreement.</p><p><strong>26. Nature of Agreement.&nbsp;</strong></p><p>No agency, partnership, joint venture, employee-employer or franchiser-franchisee relationship is intended or created by this Agreement.</p></div></div>
